What you see is for my website is a blog titled Blonde Ambition. It aims to provide information to females across all ages 

on a variety of topics, depending on what they are searching for. I featured things including travel, fashion, food, 

health/fitness and advice. Things that I would definitely search for on Google and assume other women will as well. I 

want to provide a website that encourages women to be a better version of themselves through advice and wisdom I have

been given throughout the years. You also see a Home button on the far left in the navigation table. That comes in 

handy when you are visiting a different page, such as travel, and want to return to the homepage to view something else.

It was installed to make the life of the viewer easier so they can avoid having to press the back button over and over.

On the home page, there are pictures I've featured that tie into each category. I am planning on adding an article title

to each picture, like you see for the Eiffel Tower, that will take the person to the page of the category the picture fits 

with and contains more information about the article. I also am planning on using pictures I took myself, such as the Eiffel

Tower, so it has a personal touch to it. For now, I used pictures from the Internet just so everyone could envision what

the final result of the project will look like. Also, I am not sure if I will be adding information to every page but

certainly will if I have time. This project is really interesting to me as it is helping me get the wheels turning for 

my future blog. This may be the thing that kicks me into high gear and pushes me to make it become a reality. I also 

want this to inspire others in the class who are looking to start a blog as well. With a little practice, Atom is so 

much fun to use. While I admit it took me a few days to get the hang of it with a little help from Tessa, I will say 

that I am really excited about how this website will look when I'm finished with it. 
